how to paint your truck stalker
okay here's a look at the finished model
all painted up you're going to once
begin by painting the entire model in
cal's black once again you can do this
by the game's live shot spray paint or
using their hand paint you can also use
other forms of black primers if you
prefer but I tend to use the game's
Photoshop substance and as you can see
my gun is removable so we're going to be
taking that off and putting it back on
later after we put some more paint on it
okay the first step is very subtle
you're going to want to use a bit of
vulgar metal and dry brush it over the
spine at the back so you don't get any
of the indentations but you still get a
nice metallic look and do the same thing
on the whole of the undercarriage and
the main platform so you get this nice
shiny silvery look without it being too
bright obviously if you want a brighter
colored army you could use chainmail or
even miss Roth silver next you wanna get
out Dark Angels green or some other
quite dark green color and gently dry
brush it across most of the other
sections try to give it a a random feel
to it and this is going to add depth for
an more green as added later on this has
been done to the limbs and joints right
next you want to get snot green which is
another one of the games workshop's own
paints and dry brush this meticulously
over the entire model pretty much apart
from those areas you've already done in
metal metallic colors so you can see you
get this nice faded look across the
whole model and the areas would darken
your screen
to add a bit of depth to the overall
plane scheme but if you try to add an
air of randomness it gives this nice
faded look don't forget to do that top
bit on the spine as well okay now onto a
bit more of the details if you look here
it's my Praetorian and there'll be a
link up right about now showing you how
to paint him and my Praetorian section
and he has a control panel and the well
look at the wound on the front there
that's been done with scorpion green
with a burnished gold surroundings and
the gems were all painted up with
various bright colors all of the green
knobs are done with goblin green and
then scorpion green over the top of that
and you can see the control panel which
is also being painted up using bright
colors I use things like ice blue and
blood-red various yellows as well here's
a look at the back where's that nice
green on here you can see the sections
on the legs all of the power of casings
and metallic bets were done in bulk
gunmetal and the officer dolmas goblin
green and then scorpion green over the
top and actually some of the limbs have
been highlighted with a bit of scorpion
green you can see the runes they have
been painted with burnished gold and
other Games Workshop paint and that
helps to add a bit of color to the piece
and the orb in the center that
underneath where the Praetorians it's
has been painted in scorpion cream next
we can take a bit of a look at the
weapon so if we just put the model down
take off the heavy gauss cones i've gone
on at the moment
right again you can see the weapons
themselves each of the guns has had
scorpion green dry-brush on four main
bits where their scorpion green orb and
has a snot green coil and the back main
gun has been dry brushed with snot green
and has scorpion green orbs and the the
guns on sighs have coated spray dry
brushes on them to show us the details a
bit better you see the tubing at the
bottom has scorpion green and snot green
dry brushing on it to give a sort of
faded look without being too pure come
on for this model to seem a bit aged in
comparison to ours
here's the particle cast at end of the
gun paint it up with bolt gun metal dry
brushing and a bit of Codex grey dry
brushing on different sections to add a
bit of variety but not too much and here
we have the heat ray that was done with
sunburst yellow and blood red on the
orbs and obviously scorpion green on the
rally yeah the runes on the back and
then bolt gun metal ones dry brush to
the range section and codex gray was dry
brushed to all of the other areas so
there's a lot of dry brushing on this
bottle but mainly a fats not green on
the main model is the model with the
heat ray just showing off what it looks
like running
standard away from attachment and here
we have it with the particle caster I've
made all of my weapons for this
interchangeable just to give me some
playing options when I'm setting up an
army nest it means I don't have to buy
three and finally we have it where's the
twin linked heavy gorse cannons quite a
lot bigger than the other one so I tend
to use them to shut off
they've been magnetized up actually so
quite an imposing vehicle on the
battlefield is looked at lead back once
again looking very mechanical and almost
similar to insects for any with these
six legs and the two pincers at the
front is not there's another look at the
Praetorian in the front and me over at
the top now here's a quick size
comparison for all of you people who
want to know how big this actually is
here is a look at the standard warrior
areas next to the stalker which is
pretty massive and they'll see
annihilation bars next to give you a bit
of bit more size comparison it's a
pretty big
here's a standing up normally probably
about five times the size of five times
the height of a person maybe three or
four or five and trying to slightly
anything in a side view of all of them
so it's about as long as in the law
relation barge maybe not smell so
concentrated in this mess so if you put
the nourish bar in front of it you can
see that pretty much the same length the
annihilation barge is slightly longer
just because of its engines at the back
but all three very imposing and powerful
models on the battlefield especially the
Warriors so stay tuned for more painting
videos and I'll be getting some battle
reports up soon don't forget to check
out all the painting videos for these
three models and I'll see you guys later